add clarification about timezone aware dags (#30467)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/authoring-and-scheduling/timezone.rst

or ``end_date``, then for calculations this timezone information will be
disregarded.

.. note::

>     When authoring Timezone aware DAG you must make sure that the underlying timezone library (for example: pendulum)
>     is updated with changes to regulations (daylight saving changes etc...). When moving time
>     is expected you should verify with the underlying timezone library that switch will happen as expected.
>     There might be a need to update the library version. As a general recommendation if you can author DAGs in UTC
>     that is preferred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When authoring a Timezone aware DAG you must make sure that the underlying timezone library (for example: pendulum)
    is updated with recent changes to regulations (daylight saving changes etc...). When a change in time
    is expected you should verify with the underlying timezone library that the switch will happen as expected.
    There might be a need to update the library version. As a general recommendation if you can author DAGs in UTC
    that is preferred.
```
